514 Best Practices Doc + Fixes (#603)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/dapp-dev-guide/writing-contracts/best-practices.md

# Best Practices for Casper Smart Contract Authors

At its core, the Casper platform is software, and best practices for general software development will apply. However, there are specific variables and situations that should be considered when developing for a Casper network. For example, a smart contract installed on global state cannot access file systems or open a connection to external resources.

## Data Efficiency

When developing on Casper, a policy of efficient data usage will ensure the lowest possible cost for on-chain computation. To this end, minimizing the number of necessary [Deploys](/dapp-dev-guide/building-dapps/sending-deploys/) will drastically decrease the overall cost.

> When creating smart contracts, including an explicit initialization entry point allows the contract to self-initialize without a subsequent Deploy of session code. This entry point creates the internal structure of the contract and cannot be called after the initial deploy. Bear in mind, the host node will not enforce this. The smart contract author must create the entry point and ensure it cannot be called after initial deployment.

Reviewer: Do we have any example we could point to?

Author: I've included a code snippet for an Init entry point here, outlining that it should be used in the `call` function.

## Costs

Computations occurring on-chain come with associated [gas costs](/economics/gas-concepts). Efficient coding can help to minimize gas costs, through the reduction of overall Wasm sent to global state. Beginning with 1.5.0, even invalid Wasm will incur gas costs when sent to global state. As such, proper testing prior to sending a Deploy is critical.

> Further, there is a set cost of 2.5 CSPR to create a new purse. If possible, the reuse of purses should be used to reduce this cost. If reusing purses, proper access management must be maintained to prevent lapses in security. Ultimately, any choices made in regards to security and contract safeguards rely on the smart contract author.

Reviewer: What about adding this link here?

```suggestion
Further, there is a set cost of 2.5 CSPR to create a new purse. If possible, the [reuse of purses](/tutorials/transfer-token-to-contract/#scenario2) should be considered to reduce this cost. If reusing purses, proper access management must be maintained to prevent lapses in security. Ultimately, any choices made in regards to security and contract safeguards rely on the smart contract author.
```
